adding new updates to Getting Started (#22250)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: includes/data-connect-quickstart-05.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

> The first section and tab is for users who have followed the new and updated consent flow to set up their pipeline. This goes over how to register and approve an AAD application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect). As a pre-requisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. We recommend to have an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) application and storage destination resource created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first section and tab are for users who have completed the new and updated consent flow to set up their pipeline. It provides guidance on registering and approving an AAD application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect). As a prerequisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. We recommend creating an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) application and a storage destination resource.
```

> The first section and tab are for users who have completed the new and updated consent flow to set up their pipeline. It provides guidance on registering and approving an AAD application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect). As a prerequisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. We recommend creating an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) application and a storage destination resource.

Reviewer 2: AAD is not an allowed acronym - please spell out as Azure AD.

> The second section goes over how to approve and deny application requests using our former consent process with Privileged Access Management (PAM). The first tab follows our former consent process on the admin center while the second tab is our guidance via a powershell script. If you are following the PAM steps, we recommend you come back to this step **AFTER** setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second section covers the approval and denial of application requests using our former consent process with Privileged Access Management (PAM). The first tab provides instructions for the admin center's former consent process, while the second tab offers guidance through a PowerShell script. If you are following the PAM steps, we suggest revisiting this step AFTER setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.
```

> The second section covers the approval and denial of application requests using our former consent process with Privileged Access Management (PAM). The first tab provides instructions for the admin center's former consent process, while the second tab offers guidance through a PowerShell script. If you are following the PAM steps, we suggest revisiting this step AFTER setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.

Reviewer 2: AFTER does not have to be in all caps; please change to "after".

## [Register your application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect](#tab/RegisterAADApplication)

> As a pre-requisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. While having an Azure AD app and storage destination resource pre-created is recommended, these can also be set up using the wizard. The app registration process in Data Connect involves a three-tab wizard: Registration info, Datasets, and Review + create.

Reviewer 2: Revise as:

As a prerequisite, enable Data Connect in your tenant. It's helpful to have an Azure AD app and storage destination resource created; you can also set these up by using the wizard. The app registration process in Data Connect involves using a wizard with three tabs: Registration info, Datasets, and Review + create.

> As a pre-requisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. It is recommended to have an AAD app and storage destination resource already created, however these can be created from the wizard. To register an app with Data Connect, developers will be welcomed with a wizard divided into three tabs: **Registration Info, Datasets,** and **Review + create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a pre-requisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. It is recommended to have an Azure AD app and storage destination resource already created. However, these can be created by a wizard. To register an app with Data Connect, developers are welcome by a wizard divided into three tabs: **Registration info, Datasets,** and **Review + create**.
```

> ### Provide details for the Registration Info tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provide details in the Registration info tab
```

1. Access [Microsoft Graph Data Connect in the Azure portal](https://aka.ms/mgdcinazure). You can find it through the search bar in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/)

> 2. Click the **Add** or **Add a new application**.

Reviewer 2: Remove the "the" here.

> 1. Access [Microsoft Graph Data Connect in the Azure portal](https://aka.ms/mgdcinazure). Moving forward, the experience will be available through the search bar in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access [Microsoft Graph Data Connect in the Azure portal](https://aka.ms/mgdcinazure). You can find it through the search bar in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/)
```

> 2. Click the **Add** or the **Add a new application** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Add** or **Add a new application**.
```

    ![A screenshot that shows the Azure portal Data Factory to create a new application.](../concepts/images/data-connect-register-app-1.png)

> 3. Follow the **Add** wizard to provide the project details for registration. Once you have completed the required fields, click **Next: Datasets >**

Reviewer 2: Revise the second sentence:

After you have completed the required fields, choose **Next: Datasets >**

> 3. Follow the **Add** wizard by specifying the project details for the registration. Once you have completed the following fields, click **Next : Datasets >**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the **Add** wizard to provide the project details for registration. Once you have completed the required fields, click **Next: Datasets >**
```

>     1. **Subscription:** Select a subscription in the tenant that will be used exclusively to filter the next four selections utilized to configure the data destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Subscription:** Select a subscription to filter the next selections. Choose the previously created resource group, select "Azure Storage Account" as the destination type, and then choose the relevant Storage Account.
```

        - **Resource Group:**  Select the resource group you created previously.
        - **Destination Type:** Select Azure storage account.

>         - **Storage Account:** Select the storage account you created previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Storage Account:** Select the storage account you created previously.
```

>         - **Resource Group:**  Select the resource group you created previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Resource Group:**  Select the resource group you created previously.
```

>         - **Destination Type:** Select Azure Storage Account as the destination type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Destination Type:** Select Azure Storage Account.
```

        - **Storage Account Uri:** Select the option including **.blob.core.windows.net**

>     2. **Application ID:** Select from the Azure AD apps in the tenant or create a new one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Application ID:** Select it from the Azure AD apps in the tenant or create a new one.
```

>     2. **Application ID:** Select it from the Azure AD apps in the tenant or create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Application ID:** Select an existing Azure AD in the tenant or create a new one.
```

>         - **Storage Account:** Select the Storage Account you created previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Storage Account:** Select the storage account you created previously
```

>     3. **Description:** Type **My first MGDC app**.

Reviewer 2: Please avoid using the acronym MGDC, can we change that to Data Connect here?

Author: Some of the screenshots in this step and other steps **may** have the name "My first MGDC app". To keep in parity with the text in the screenshots with that description, can we keep MGDC here?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we can/should perpetuate the use of a branding violation where we have any editorial control. Is it possible to update the screenshots?

>     3. **Description:** Enter **My first MGDC app**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. **Description:** Enter **My first MGDC app**.
```

>     4. **Publish Type:** Choose **Single-Tenant**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. **Publish Type:** Choose **Single-Tenant**.
```

>         - **Storage Account Uri:** Select the option including **.blob.core.windows.net**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Storage Account Uri:** Select the option that shows **.blob.core.windows.net**
```

    ![A screenshot that shows the project details on the wizard.](../concepts/images/data-connect-register-app-2.png)

### Select dataset and details for the application

> Specify the datasets that the app registration needs to query. To learn more about datasets, see [Datasets, regions, and sinks supported by Microsoft Graph Data Connect](/graph/data-connect-datasets). Click **Next : Datasets >**.

Reviewer 2: Global: Avoid using click for accessibility reasons; replace with choose or select where possible.

> Specify the datasets that the app registration needs to query. To learn more about datasets, see [Datasets, regions, and sinks supported by Microsoft Graph Data Connect](/graph/data-connect-datasets). Click the **Next : Datasets >** button in bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the datasets that the app registration needs to query. To learn more about datasets, see [Datasets, regions, and sinks supported by Microsoft Graph Data Connect](/graph/data-connect-datasets). Click **Next : Datasets >**.
```

4. Select `BasicDataSet_v0.Message_v1` from the **Dataset** dropdown, and in the **Columns** dropdown, choose `All`. In the new row, select `BasicDataSet_v1` from the **Dataset** dropdown, and in the **Columns** dropdown, choose- `All`.

    ![A screenshot that shows the dataset catalog on the wizard.](../concepts/images/data-connect-register-app-3.png)

> ### Review and Create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Review and Create
```

> 5. Once completed, click **Review + Create**, and then click **Create**.

Reviewer 2: Don't use "once" to mean "after" or "when", per Microsoft style and for globalization/localization. Make sure that it's clear in this step "what" is completed. Maybe you can just remove "Once completed". Change the Clicks to Choose.

    ![A screenshot that shows the summary page for the Review + Create step.](../concepts/images/data-connect-register-app-4.png)

6. If all required fields are provided, the app registration appears in the landing page:

    ![A screenshot that shows the registered app on the landing page.](../concepts/images/data-connect-register-app-6.png)

## Approve your application for Microsoft Graph Data Connect

> 1. Open a new browser window in private mode, go to your [Microsoft 365 admin center](https://admin.microsoft.com/), and sign in with your "admin" user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a new browser window in private mode, go to your [Microsoft 365 admin center](https://admin.microsoft.com/), and sign in with your **admin** user.
```

 > [!NOTE]

>  > If you are not in your "admin" account, there will be an error with approval. You cannot self-approve your apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > If you are not in your **admin** account, there will be an error with the approval. You cannot self-approve your apps.
```

2. On the left navigation pane, select **Settings > Org settings**. You might have to click **Show all** before you can view **Settings**.

3. Switch to the **Security & privacy** tab and select the **Microsoft Graph Data Connect applications**.

    ![A screenshot that shows the Security and privacy page in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-app-register-7.png)

> 4. In the Microsoft Graph Data Connect applications portal, you should see the application you registered previously with Data Connect in the application summary table with the status **Pre-consent**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Microsoft Graph Data Connect applications portal,  find the application you registered previously with Data Connect. It should have a **Pre-consent** status in the application summary table.
```

    ![A screenshot that shows the pre-consented application in the landing page of the Microsoft Graph Data Connect applications portal.](../concepts/images/data-connect-app-register-8.png)

5. Click on your application to open the application details view. Proceed through the wizard by clicking **Next** twice to review the two datasets.

6. On the final step, click **Approve** to consent to your registered application accessing the specified data.

    ![A screenshot that shows the application details view with the Approve button highlighted.](../concepts/images/data-connect-app-register-9.png)

> 7. After clicking **Approve**, the application summary table reloads with your app listed with the status **Approved**.

Reviewer 2: You can remove the phrase "After clicking Approve" here.

    ![A screenshot that shows the approved application in the landing page of the Microsoft Graph Data Connect applications portal.](../concepts/images/data-connect-app-register-10.png)

---

> # Former guidance on Privileged Access Management (PAM)

Reviewer 2: The guidance itself isn't "former". Suggest revising the heading to be: 
"Guidance for using Privileged Access Management (PAM)"

> # Former Guidance on Privileged Access Management (PAM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Former guidance on Privileged Access Management (PAM)
```

> If you are following the PAM steps, return to this section  **AFTER** setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.

Reviewer 2: Why does AFTER have to be all caps and bold? Also, avoid gerunds; change "setting" to "you set up".

> If you are following the PAM steps, we recommend you come back to this step **AFTER** setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are following the PAM steps, return to this section  **AFTER** setting up your Azure Synapse or Factory pipeline in the next step.
```

> A Microsoft 365 administrator can approve or deny consent requests. This can be done via the Microsoft 365 Admin Center or programmatically via PowerShell. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft 365 administrator can approve or deny consent requests.either through the Microsoft 365 admin center or programmatically using PowerShell.
```

> When a developer runs a pipeline, they trigger a privileged access management (PAM) request. The request is attached to your user account that owns the service principal used by the pipeline. Even if the account is part of the approver group you set up, you can't use it to approve the PAM request because self-approvals are not allowed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a developer triggers a pipeline, it initiates a privileged access management (PAM) request. This request is associated with the user account that owns the service principal used by the pipeline. However, self-approvals are not permitted even if the account belongs to the designated approver group.
```

> If you try, you'll get an error message in the PAM portal: "Requestor and approver are the same. Self-approval is not allowed." For development, you'll want to have a second account in addition to the admin who approves requests. Both the submitter and the approver must have active Exchange Online accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting self-approval will result in an error message in the PAM portal: "Requestor and approver are the same. Self-approval is not allowed." During development, make sure you have a separate account in addition to the admin, who can approve the requests. Both the submitter and approver must have active Exchange Online accounts.
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

> The first section in this step is for users who have completed the new and updated consent flow to set up their pipeline. It describes how to register and approve an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect). As a prerequisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. We recommend creating an Azure AD application and a storage destination resource.

Reviewer 3: For this page, can we make the content tabbed as well?

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

The first section in this step is for users who have completed the new and updated consent flow to set up their pipeline. It describes how to register and approve an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) application with Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect). As a prerequisite, Data Connect should be enabled in your tenant. We recommend creating an Azure AD application and a storage destination resource.

> The second section covers the approval and denial of application requests using our former consent process with Privileged Access Management (PAM). The first tab provides instructions for the admin center's former consent process, while the second tab offers guidance through a PowerShell script. 

Reviewer 2: The description of sections and tabs here is a little confusing. Why is the first section in a tab if there is only one tab? Then later we seem to have another tabbed section with two tabs.

At a minimum, maybe instead of referring to sections and tabs, we can provide the section headings with jump links to help readers navigate through this step?

Here's the step on the review site so you can see how it looks: https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/data-connect-quickstart?branch=u%2Frimisra%2FgettingStarted&tabs=NewConsentFlow%2CRegisterAADApplication%2CPAMMicrosoft365%2CAzureSynapsePipeline&tutorial-step=4

1. In **Data Access Request**, click **Approve**.

    ![A screenshot showing a data access request pending consent approval in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-approve.png)

1. After a moment, you will be able to view the status page for the activity update, which will indicate that it is currently in the process of extracting data.

   <!-- ![A screenshot showing the Azure portal UI for the Data Factory service where the load status is now showing as "Extracting data".](../concepts/images/data-connect-adf-extraction-approved.png) -->

1. The data extraction process can take some time, depending on the size of your Microsoft 365 tenant.

## Verify extracted data from Microsoft 365 to Azure Blob Storage

> 1. Open a browser and go to your [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#home).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a browser and navigate to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#home).
```

> 1. Open a browser and navigate to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#home).

Reviewer 2: Simplify language where possible for global readers; change "navigate" to "go".

> 1. Sign in using an account with **global administrator** rights to your Azure AD and Microsoft 365 tenants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in using an account with **Global Administrator** rights to your Azure AD and Microsoft 365 tenants.
```

> 1. In the **Recent** list of resources, select the **Azure Storage account** you created previously in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Recent** list of resources, select the **Azure Storage account** you created previously in this tutorial.
```

> 1. Go to the sidebar navigation menu and click **Storage browser**, then select **Blob containers**. From there, choose the specific container that you created in this tutorial, which you configured as the destination for the extracted data in the Azure Data Factory pipeline. You should be able to see the data stored within this container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Storage browser** in the sidebar navigation menu, then choose **Blob containers**. Select the specific container you created in this tutorial, which you configured as the destination for the extracted data in the Azure Data Factory pipeline. You should now be able to view the data stored within this container.
```
